Since your birth, you have been playing roles and strugging continuously to fit in those roles.
Being the best daughter, best sister, best servant, best student, best teacher, best friend, best lover and best everything else.
You can't be still sure if you have achieved the best in anything, because "the best" doesn't exist actually.
But, one thing you can be sure that you have tried the best of your capacity to be the best in every role.
But, are you sure that your mother, your father, your brothers, your lovers, your friends, your husband or, anyone else thinks that you were/are best in those roles.
I would say "none" of them are as happy as much as your efforts.
Actually, after all of these years, all of those hard efforts, compromises and speechless emotions for the people, I have realised now that its not even
possible to please anyone in this world. 
People actually never are satisfied with anyone. You do something for them and they will say, you could do that. If you had done that, they would have said, you could do this.
This, that, those, these, it never ends. It will never end, no one can be pleased completely, and thats the harsh reallity. 
Harsh, Cruel and Bitter. 
People don't really care or, may be don't really show how they feel about your efforts, your compromises and sacrifices.
Whatever you do, they will expect something else. However you behave, they will still complain.

------------Healing-------------
One of my favourite motivaltion line is "Change is the only Constant.".
Everything wound heals and only existing medicine is "TIME". Waqt ke saath sab theek ho jata hai. Question here is "Kitna waqt?". My answer is "it depends on how deep the wound is?". 
The things that give you great happinesses might give you great unhapineess.
More love might cause more sadness.
More attachment can cause more dettachment.
More empathy may turn into more neutrality.
All positives may turn in great negatives.

But once, you adjust with all the negatives, only positives can happen. You become a more dettached and neutral person who is now lesser likely to get wounded again.
The learnings that you get from your own mistakes and failures, are never forgotten so now you are a more learned person. And that education you have got is called "Healing".

-------------Comparision-------------
People say that you shouldn't compare yourself with anyone. Yes, I agree to that upto an extent. 
Comparision with other people may keep you growing but it might restrict you from enjoying the thing you have. So, the only healthy comparision should be with you and yourself.
For every comparision or, competition there is a reference point and in this case, that reference is the background.
Everyone comes from a different background which might never be same as yours. The only person who has same background as yours is you. 
The you, you are today and yourself you were yesterday. Here, yesterday means exact yesterday, and long back yesterday as well. 
For few comparisions, your competitor is the you, you were exact yesterday and that comparision is for "Knowledge". You should become a more learned and knowledgeable person day by day. So, you have to learn something new everyday. That something new may be some acedemic, professional, cultural, behavioural, spiritual etc, anything that makes you a better person today than your were on previous day.
The other comparision is between you these days and the you in old days. This is the comparision about wealth, bank balance, luxuries, assets, lifestyle, trips etc. You cannot get these things overnight and it take good amount of time for earning or, gathering them.
